back in the nursery Midlands baby is
fighting fit
she's now ready to go back to mum not as
straightforward as his cells Minh Minh
may not have had time to bond with her
baby and it will be covered in different
smells so there's a risk she might have
nothing to do with her daughter the team
hold the baby in front of Minh Minh
expecting her to come forward but she
shows little interest this is not a good
sign after all that she has gone through
there is a real possibility that Minh
Minh will now reject her baby
[Music]
the keepers move the baby closer the
youngster cries out desperately for mum
to pick her up
but she still ignores two helpless
babies
[Music]
the key first step is making minmin more
comfortable they try again
[Music]
then something clicks to everyone's
relief min mins maternal instincts
finally kick in and she gently accepts
the baby things are at last looking up
for the reunited family
[Music]